♪ ("CURB YOUR ENTHUSIASM"
THEME MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (SINGER VOCALIZING) ♪
- (AUDIENCE CHEERING, APPLAUDING)
- (LAUGHS) I love you, America!
And you love me!
ANNOUNCER: From Hollywood,
it's Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Tonight, Maria Sofia Estrada.
JIMMY KIMMEL: Well, Maria Sofia,
it is a great pleasure
- to have you here.
- (CHUCKLES)
If you haven't seen Young Larry,
she steals the show.
- I mean, absolutely.
- (AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(CHEERS, LAUGHS)
That's right. Whoo!
- (LAUGHS)
- You're a show stealer.
That's true.
Yeah, I am. (GIGGLES)
And, obviously, confidence is
not an issue with you.
- (LAUGHS)
- So why do you think
you got this part?
(CHUCKLES)
I was the best, clearly.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING, APPLAUDING)
So, is there a lot of improv
on the show?
Yes, there's a script,
but I make up
most of my own lines,
put my own spin on the words,
make it better.
- (AUDIENCE CHEERING)
- ♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (MUSIC ENDS) ♪
IRMA KOSTROSKI: ♪ I have
A structured settlement ♪
♪ But I need cash now ♪
♪ Call J.G. Wentworth ♪
- ♪ 877-CASH-NOW ♪
- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
♪ I have some big annuities
But I need cash now ♪
♪ Call J.G. Wentworth ♪
- ♪ 877-CASH-NOW ♪
- Could you just stop with that--
stop with that commercial?
- I don't wanna hear that.
- ♪ (IMITATING OPERA SINGER) ♪
- Don't sing that in the house.
- I wanna stop. I can't stop!
- Well, stop!
- (FRIDGE OPENING)
Where's the oat milk?
Oh, right here.
Oh, Mr. "I'm never gonna
stop drinking almond milk."
- Yeah. Oh.
- IRMA: Because what did I tell
you about almond milk?
- Yeah. No, good.
- IRMA: Remember again?
- Yeah, bad. Yeah.
- IRMA: What did we say?
- ♪ (PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- You know, the water
that they use in
in this state
for these almonds
and the methophexohexadine,
they're killing the bees!
I'm sorry you're unhappy, Larry,
but as her sponsor,
I'm telling you, she simply
cannot handle a breakup.
- How long are we talking?
- Well, they say no changes
for the first 90 days
in the program, but...
(SCOFFS) ...with Irma,
I mean, minimum six months.
Six months?
I need you to promise me, Larry.
Six months.
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
- CYRUS: Promise me, Larry.
- IRMA: And the proliferation
of root fungus--
- Yeah, oat milk.
- ♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
That's it. That's the way to go.
Oh, if you go past the pharmacy
on your way to the golf club,
this is for my hammer toe.
I'm not going to the golf club.
- No, but if you do.
- No, but I'm not going.
But you will go before I do,
so would you get me these?
I don't care if they're black,
white, extra-large.
♪ Oh, I have
A structured settlement ♪
♪ But I need cash now ♪
♪ Call J.G. Wentworth ♪
♪ 877-CASH-NOW ♪
- ♪ (IMITATING OPERA SINGER) ♪
- (DOOR CLOSING)
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(KEYS JINGLE)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(PHONE CHIMES)
- Siri, directions to Wolfsglen.
- ♪ (MUSIC ENDS) ♪
SIRI:
Directions to Great Wolf Lodge.
No, Siri, Wolfsglen Restaurant.
SIRI: One option I see,
Wood's Garden Supply
on Benedict Canyon.
Siri! Wolfsglen Restaurant
in Westwood.
SIRI: One option I see,
The Woolsey Restaurant
in Burbank.
No! No, no,
you're not listening!
I said Wolfsglen Restaurant
in Westwood.
SIRI: A wolf's den is a habitat
that provides wolves
- with protection from...
- No, you stupid fucking idiot!
It's Wolfsglen Restaurant
in Westwood!
SIRI: One option I see,
- Jay Wolf Clothing.
- No! Ah, you fuck!
Wolfsglen Restaurant!
SIRI: Sorry, I didn't get that.
Oh, my God, you fucking moron!
It's Wolfsglen, you cunt.
SIRI: Bundt cake is a cake
that is baked in a Bundt pan.
Not Bundt! Gah!
I said, "You cunt!"
- SIRI: Sorry, I didn't get that.
- I called you a cunt!
SIRI: One option I see,
Carson City, Nevada.
Oh, shut up!
SIRI: One option I see,
wool glove.
Shut the fuck up!
- SIRI: Sorry, I didn't get that.
- Oh, fuck you!
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
Somebody is paying you
to just show up
at a birthday party in Atlanta.
- Yeah. I mean, so stupid.
- JEFF GREENE: Yeah, rich guy.
They're paying him
a ton of money.
- Really?
- Ridiculous.
Who is this guy? How does he
even know who you are?
He's a wealthy businessman
from Africa
who loves Young Larry.
Yeah, Maria Sofia's
gonna be there, too.
Oh, well, now it makes sense.
She's the draw.
By the way, Leon's going with us
'cause his Auntie Rae
lives in Atlanta.
- Remember her? Yeah?
- I remember Auntie Rae.
Send her my regards.
So what are you gonna do,
tell some jokes or something?
No, this is good.
I'm glad you brought this up.
- I want this in the contract.
- Sure!
Okay.
I'm not gonna do any speeches.
I'm not gonna do any stand-up.
I'm not gonna do any toasts.
I'll mingle, I'll shake hands,
and I'll be cordial.
Do you even know
how to be cordial?
(CHUCKLES) I think so. Do I?
I would guess you do.
I don't think I can,
but I'll try.
Is the--
Are we getting any food here?
- This is unbelievable.
- I know.
It's been half
a fucking hour already.
I got soup and a sandwich.
- Can I give you--
- My God.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
We've been sitting here
for a half hour
waiting for our food.
I'm so sorry about that.
Your server, Benny,
he's a little distracted.
His mother passed away
a couple of days ago.
Few days ago
and he comes into work?
- What's he coming in for?
- If he's all upset,
then he should be home
in mourning.
And you can't complain, obviously.
No, you can't go to the manager.
It's a no-win situation.
Yeah, and you know what else?
Now he gets a condolence tip.
- Yeah. You got no choice.
- LARRY DAVID: Yeah.
Hey, let me ask you a question.
What's going on here?
- What?
- This is a-- This is new.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Uh, you decided
to just dye your hair?
(LAUGHS) Wha...
Yeah. What? You don't--
you don't know that it’s brown
and it was gray last week?
- What are you doing that for?
- I-- I like it.
Oh, yeah, you like it?
- I do.
- You sure Lady Macbeth
didn't have anything
to do with that?
You wish you had a wife
that cared about you.
- You wish you had a wife.
- I almost did a...
(CHUCKLES)
I almost did a spit take.
Jeff, you made this choice
by your own free will.
Is that right? You tell him.
Tell him!
LARRY: Finally!
There's our food.
- Oh, Benny.
- Yeah.
PATRON:
I heard about your mother.
- I'm so sorry.
- Oh, gosh.
Thank you so much
for saying that.
- What's he doing? (SIGHS)
- This could take forever now.
I mean, you only get one mother.
I'm devastated,
to be honest. I don't wanna--
Oh, thank you.
He's talking about his mother.
- BENNY: Thank you so much.
- Yeah.
LARRY: This is unbelievable.
And there's my soup!
It's sitting there,
getting cold.
Hey! I ordered a tuna melt.
That's fucked.
But it was the sepsis
that ultimately killed her.
I am so fucking hungry.
- I'm starving, too.
- Uh, sorry.
(SIGHS)
It's just a lot to process,
you know?
I'm so sorry for your loss.
♪ (PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(BOTH LAUGH)
(AIRPLANE WHIRRING)
LARRY: Did you tell Auntie Rae
that you're coming,
or are you gonna surprise her?
Oh, no, no.
She's not good with surprises.
You can't do that shit
to old people, man.
I mean, I almost killed
a uncle like that.
- Yeah.
- This motherfucker was in
the tub taking a fucking bath.
- Right? (LAUGHS)
- He's like, "What the fuck?"
That was it.
Motherfucker died like this.
Just like...
You know what I mean?
Yeah, you can't surprise
an old person.
No, you can't do that.
Know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
Why do you keep asking me
if I know what you mean?
It wasn't that difficult.
It's not science.
You made
a very simple statement.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
- Yeah.
- (PHONE RINGING)
Look at this. (CHUCKLES)
Fucking you again.
Third or fourth time today.
Jeez! Another butt dial.
- (DIAL TONE RINGING)
- Oh, man. I'm sorry.
It puts me in a bad spot.
Puts you in a--
Puts me in the worst spot.
Because I called
a guy last week.
- Yeah.
- I hadn't spoken to him
in 14 years,
and so I got to pretend
- that I was calling him.
- Right.
And the next thing you know,
you're having dinner.
See, me, I carry my phone
in my front pocket.
But sometimes,
I dick dial people by mistake.
Oh, you make a dick dial?
One time, I ordered
a pizza by mistake.
This motherfucker shows up,
I said, "The fuck is this?"
"You ordered a pizza earlier."
Wow, my fucking dick.
And sometimes,
I can hear my dick
dialing a number.
(IMITATES PHONE
NUMBER PAD BEEPING)
- (LAUGHS)
- LEON BLACK: Know what I mean?
I'm like,
"What the fuck are you doing?"
(CHUCKLES)
You know what I'm saying?
I do know what you're saying.
- Exactly, man.
- Do you know what I mean?
- Know what I mean?
- You know what I mean?
BOTH: Do you know what I mean?
- No, no. Do you know
what I mean?
- Oh, wow. Here she is.
- ♪ (BIG BAND MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- LEON: Oh, boy. (CHUCKLES)
They call that shit DTM.
- Yeah.
-"Doing too much."
MARIA SOFIA ESTRADA: Ooh! Hi.
LARRY: It's hard to watch,
isn't it?
(LAUGHS, BLOWS KISSES)
Oh, well, look who's here.
- The princess has arrived.
- Ah!
Cutting it kind of close, no?
Oh, the plane won't take off
without me.
- What is this?
- This is my emotional
support dog, Pechuca.
- Wow.
- Emotional support dog?
What a scam.
They shouldn't
even let you on the plane
if you're that
mentally unstable.
- It is not a scam.
- This dog is overweight.
They're gonna charge you
200 dollars extra on the flight.
Dogs are like goldfish.
You can overfeed
this motherfucker.
Can you not fat-shame my dog?
You can't insult a dog.
They don't know.
- Yes, she does.
- You need self-awareness
to understand
someone's shaming you.
This dog is not gonna
turn around and go,
"What the fuck you say?"
Look, watch this.
Hey, fat fuck.
You a fat ass.
You fucking fat.
You a short, fat ass dog.
Look at that. See?
The dog don't know.
Come on, Pechuca.
I don't wanna be late.
And, Pechuca,
they got a meal on the flight.
Don't do it.
Don't you eat nothing else.
See that?
- I bet he heard that part.
- Yeah, you told him.
♪ (LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER TV)
- (KNOCKING ON DOOR)
- HOUSEKEEPER: Housekeeping.
- (DOOR LOCK CLICKS)
- (MUMBLING) Oh, come in.
- ♪ (MUSIC ENDS) ♪
- (CHATTER OVER TV CONTINUES)
Hey. Good morning.
- (SIGHS)
- There's a problem?
What's with the eye roll?
I come back.
LARRY: What do you mean?
Wait a second.
I don't understand.
Did I do something wrong?
This-- this is a typical room.
There's clothes strewn about.
Yes, I see
there's underwear and socks.
- I come back.
- What? What did I--
That's what people do
when they're in a hotel. Yeah.
Socks, underwear on the floor.
You don't care.
You're not-- you're not home.
I'm-- I'm completely bewildered
by this whole thing.
I really don't understand.
I mean, this was a typical room.
By the way, I'm very considerate
of housekeeping.
You should know this.
I guarantee you there'll be
a tip for you in this room.
- Guaranteed.
- I come back.
I feel like somehow
I've disappointed you.
- HOUSEKEEPER: I come back later.
- What have I done?
I'm just staying... (LAUGHS)
...in a hotel.
Is this your first room
you've ever cleaned?
This is what a hotel is.
- (DOOR CLOSES)
- Oh, my God.
♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(PECHUCA BARKS)
MARIA SOFIA: Let's go, Pechuca.
- (CAR DOOR CLOSES)
- (CHUCKLES)
(PECHUCA BARKS)
I love you. Come on, Pechuca.
Come on, baby.
- (PECHUCA BARKS)
- Oh.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(DOOR OPENS)
- Oh, my goodness. You made it.
- LARRY: (CHUCKLES) Ah! Hey!
RAE: It's so good to see you.
- Oh, Lord have mercy.
- (LAUGHS)
- Look at you. (CHUCKLES)
- I brought you a gift.
You know, you are as sweet
in person as you are on camera.
Oh-- Oh, you got one, too.
Okay. Thank you, baby.
Come on in, y'all. Come on in.
Oh, Larry,
I gotta show you something.
Can you tell me
who that is right there?
(LARRY AND AUNTIE RAY LAUGH)
- Oh, boy!
- Come on, man.
- Look at you. Look at that.
- (LAUGHS) Guess who that is.
- Look at that handsome lad.
- (LAUGHS)
I had a 4.0 APA,
"Ass-Point-Average."
- Leon.
- LEON: In high school,
I was the valedictorian
of tapping ass.
You know what, Larry?
It is so good to see you.
I haven't seen you in such a--
You look fantastic...
- So do you.
- ...by the way.
- I cannot believe--
- LARRY: I do, really?
- Yes, indeed.
- What about me?
- What's that?
- We got to get the vote out.
This a very important one,
Larry.
- And in two days.
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
I heard about this.
Yeah, you heard
about this election?
Yeah, I read about that.
Yeah. Oh, Larry,
I want you to help yourself
to some of my hors d'oeuvres.
Listen, come on, baby.
We gon' serve your wine
- for lunch! Come on, now.
- (LAUGHS) Oh, you're welcome.
LARRY:
That does not look good at all.
It really looks inedible.
What? What are you doing?
Did you see-- (BLABBERS)
- (SCOFFS) You took my glasses.
- Oh, I love it.
- Thank you, thank you.
- What did you do?
- Why'd you take my glasses?
- She wanted to try a new style.
I wanted to see what your
glasses looked like on her.
You know,
you could have asked me.
- You would have said no.
- Are you serious?
You know,
I can see well through 'em.
I think we might
have the same prescription.
LARRY: Can I have
my glasses back, please?
All right, fine. Here.
- What the hell?
- What? What's wrong?
- What's wrong?
- Yes.
They don't fit.
- Oh, my goodness.
- You stretched them out.
- No, I didn't.
- What'd you do?
I didn't do anything to 'em.
They must've been like that
- when she gave 'em to me.
- LARRY: No!
They weren't like that.
Look at the size of her head.
Are you kidding?
You can't just take a pair
of glasses and try them on.
You have a big head.
- Dare I say, freakish?
- No, I don't have a big head.
It's excessive.
It's like a jack-o'-lantern.
You know what? You got
a peanut head like Mr. Peanut.
- Look at this. Look at this.
- I did not--
- I'll tell you what.
- Look! Look!
- I see it! I see it!
- They won't stay on my face.
- They won't stay on my--
- Fine!
Listen, I got a spare pair
of glasses.
I will bring them to you
so you can wear them.
I'll be right back.
- What is wrong with you?
- These glasses are fragile.
She's got a giant fucking head.
She ruined my glasses.
- What is the big deal?
- The big deal is I'm in Atlanta.
I don't have a spare pair.
I got the party tonight.
There's no time
and I can't wear these.
This motherfucker can't see
for shit.
Hey! Man, what the fuck
are you doing?
- (PECHUCA GROWLS)
- Get your fat ass
off my jacket. You crazy?
Pechuca is not fat.
I told your pudgy ass before
to stay off my shit.
Do not talk to Pechuca
like that.
All right, all right, all right.
Cut out the foolishness.
Here are the glasses.
Now, I'm gonna give them
to you on loan.
But remember,
you gotta give them back to me
before you leave Georgia.
- This is ridiculous.
- Just try 'em on.
You can see through 'em, right?
Yeah, I can see.
Thank you.
That's all I'm saying.
How do they look?
They look fucking ridiculous
with a peanut fucking head.
♪ (PLEASANT CLASSICAL MUSIC
PLAYING) ♪
(ELEVATOR CHIMES)
LARRY: Oh, no!
- ♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
- Ah. Hey there.
- (GROANS)
- Oh, Ligaya.
Is that how you pronounce it?
Ligaya?
What a beautiful name.
That is a really substantial,
beautiful foreign name.
I like it a lot.
- Why you wear lady glasses?
- LARRY: Oh, well, yeah,
somebody broke my glasses, essentially.
But, you know,
speaking of glasses, by the way,
can I give you a hypothetical?
If a guest dropped glasses
in the toilet,
who fishes the glasses
out of the toilet?
Is that your department?
Or is it the guest
who's never put his hands
in a toilet in his life?
Or the housekeeper
who's very familiar with it
and is kind of desensitized,
in a way, to the whole situation
and has gloves
and has the equipment
and a plan?
What do you do?
It's a legitimate question.
I have job. I have work.
No, but what about the glasses?
Do you get the glasses
out of the toilet?
You get 'em yourself!
What? Hey! They're not mine.
I never said
they were my glasses.
That was a hypothetical.
A hypothetical means
it's possible
and maybe not possible.
It's just a question.
You know,
you're quite a farbissiner.
♪ (TANGO MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
LEON: All right, look at this.
- LARRY: All right, here we go.
- ♪ (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
IN BACKGROUND) ♪
- (INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- MICHAEL FOUCHAY: Oh, my words.
- Larry David.
- LARRY: Oh.
- Maria Sofia.
- (MARIA SOFIA CHEERS)
- Wow, guys.
- LARRY: Hello.
- Hi.
- Welcome!
It's so nice to meet you, Larry.
Nice to meet you.
What an honor to have you guys
in my house.
- Your house?
- Yes.
You're Michael Fouchay?
Yeah, Michael Fouchay.
It's my birthday.
I thought you were African.
Yeah, I am. I'm South African.
Born and raised in Joburg.
Ah! Uh, this is my friend, Leon,
I was telling you about.
Leon Black.
- Ah, put it there, Leon.
- Very good to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice house.
Yeah. No, thanks. Welcome.
How-- how--
Um, something's different.
Is it the--
Something looks different.
Somebody stretched out
my glasses with her big head,
so I'm wearing hers.
These actually look better
than the ones he usually wears.
(CHUCKLES) She's so quick,
this one, hey? They actually do.
- They look very sort of arty.
- (LAUGHS) Yeah, I know.
MICHAEL: You are so witty.
- You are so witty.
- What is this?
You don't tell people
you're from Africa
- if you're from South Africa.
- If this motherfucker's African,
I'm fucking a...
What's the little boy
in that fucking book
with the freckles on his face,
with the overalls
and the fucking bare feet,
and he looked wet
all the time?
- Huckleberry Finn.
- Huckleberry fucking Finn.
- Yeah, Huckleberry Finn.
- We are so excited.
There are so many people
that wanna meet you.
- Really? Me?
- Yes, absolutely.
Hey, where the fucking food at?
Outside is a-- there's
an incredible buffet there.
Anything you want,
please make yourself
- absolutely at home.
- Whoo-hoo! Say less. (LAUGHS)
Cheers, my brother.
Ah, you just lost about
half the buffet.
Oh, no. We've got plenty.
We got plenty.
Listen, I especially want you
to meet Brookie.
Uh... Ah, there she--
Ah, never mind.
We'll grab her now.
She's just stepping out.
You're gonna love her.
(CHUCKLES) You know,
when people tell me
I'm going to love someone,
I'm kind of programmed
not to like them.
So it's kind of
a lose-lose for Brookie.
Uh, Brooke. Brooke.
- Who?
- Just call her Brooke.
- Her-- her name's Brooke.
- You just said Brookie.
Oh, only her really
close friends call her Brookie.
So I can't call her Brookie?
No. No.
Can I introduce you
to some of my guests?
- Oh, I would love that.
- Mingle,
- do some photos...
- Oh, I would
- so love that. Yes.
- ...that'd be amazing.
- ♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Can you sign one for me next?
My name's Allie.
- I think I'm your biggest fan.
- Oh!
And the thing
that really bothers me--
I wanna tell you something.
You know how there's like,
green bags, clear bags
- in the grocery store.
- Sure.
They put clear
where they should put green.
- Green--
- They put clear in the green
- and the green in the clear.
- GUEST: You understand?
Yeah, sure.
The green in the clear...
- GUEST: Has this
happened to you?
- ...and... (MUMBLES)
Okay. (LAUGHS) Oh, shit!
So they put
their two mascaras down.
Hannah walked off with hers.
Oh, Hannah walked off
with hers. Oh! (CHUCKLES)
She did.
- Wow!
- She did. (LAUGHS)
- She walked off!
- (LAUGHS) Oh.
Mm, mm, mm!
Oh, shit. Goddamn birthday cake.
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪
- ♪ (MUSIC PAUSES) ♪
- (INDISTINCT CHATTER)
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC RESUMES) ♪
- (HUMS)
- Oh!
- (PHONE CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
- All right.
- Okay.
- ♪ (MUSIC ENDS) ♪
- (INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- Okay.
Have you noticed that
when you take a picture,
you don't look nearly as good
as you do
when you look in the mirror?
- Yeah.
- Because the mirror
is how you see yourself.
And the photo
is how you're seen.
Fuck, that's deep.
Let me ask you this question.
You ever been to Africa?
No. I would love to go, though.
I wonder if a Black man
going to Africa
is like a Jew going to Israel.
If you go to Israel to fuck,
you know what I'm saying?
I'll tell you what.
Let's plan a trip.
We'll hit the Congo...
- Oh, I like that.
- ...you know?
And then, we'll go to Tel Aviv.
- I'll tap yours. You tap mine.
- LARRY: I love that.
- That is a trip.
- LEON: Know what?
I'm gonna go top
this bitch off right here.
I'll see you in a minute,
playboy. (CHUCKLES)
Well, hello there.
Hello!
Michael insisted
that I meet you. I'm Brooke.
- Yes, hi. Larry.
- Nice to meet you, Larry.
Well, it's nice to meet you,
Brookie.
Uh, it's Brooke.
- Excuse me?
- It's Brooke. My name is Brooke.
- Brooke.
- Yeah.
Michael told me about
the Brooke-Brookie thing.
Um.
(CHUCKLES) There's not a thing.
My name is Brooke.
Michael calls you Brookie.
M-- my good friends
call me Brookie.
People I just met
call me Brooke.
How long does one need
to know you
before Brooke becomes Brookie?
- Well--
- Brookie!
- Oh, my God, Carl!
- Hi! Hello.
(LAUGHS) I thought I saw you
across the room.
- Ah! Did you meet Larry?
- Not yet. Hi, Larry.
I'm Carl. We are tickled pink
- that you are here.
- Thank you, Carl.
Nice-- nice to meet you.
I gotta get this out
to Cynthia.
So, good to see you.
I'll catch up
- with you in a minute.
- Absolutely.
BROOKE:
So nice to meet you, Larr.
- Okay.
- Bye, Brookie.
BROOKE: Bye.
What was that?
Just saying bye to Brookie.
(CHUCKLES)
So you call her Brookie?
- Yeah.
- How long have you known her?
Well, we met a few months ago
at a dinner party. (CHUCKLES)
And this is the second time
you're seeing her?
Yeah, second time.
So you met once
at a dinner party
and you've been
calling her Brookie?
- Yeah.
- Did you call her Brookie
at the dinner party?
Yeah. Yeah, I think so.
She didn't say,
"Call me Brooke"?
No.
Are you aware
of the Brooke-Brookie rule?
- No, I'm not aware of that.
- LARRY: Because...
you seem to be in violation
of the Brooke-Brookie rule.
- Please, educate me.
- LARRY: Yeah.
How am I in violation
of this rule?
Well, only her close friends
can call her Brookie.
Is there anybody else
from that party here?
Yeah. Brookie.
Mm-hmm. Anyone else?
Me. I'm Carl.
This is interesting.
Very interesting.
- Is it?
- LARRY: Yes.
I'm gonna get
to the bottom of this.
- (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
- Here we go. That's great.
How's that?
Should we do another one?
Larr! Larr, Larr. Get in here.
Get in here.
- We're doing a group shot.
- LARRY: I can't now.
- MICHAEL: We're doing a photo.
- I can't. I can't do it now.
A group shot.
- Excuse me. Excuse me.
- Yes?
I got to tell you,
I'm a little confused
about the Brooke-Brookie rule.
Oh, there's not a rule.
- It's just--
- Oh, no, I beg to differ.
I think there is a rule.
Now, Carl,
who hardly knows you at all,
calls you Brookie,
whereas I was given
very strict instructions,
by you, to call you Brooke.
- Carl is a great guy.
- No, no!
Carl is not a great guy.
I just spoke to Carl.
I didn't find Carl
to be a great guy at all.
If I had a Larr-Larry rule,
Carl wouldn't be
calling me Larr.
- I can tell you that.
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
Do you want me to call you Larr?
No, because I don't have
a Larr-Larry rule.
I don't have
a Brooke-Brookie Rule.
No, you do. You do have
a Brooke-Brookie rule.
And it only applies to me.
Larry, my name is Brooke.
- Have a good night.
- ♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
Yo, happy birthday.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, my brother.
Thank you so much.
Aw!
Really. Seriously. (SMOOCHES)
- (MARIA SOFIA LAUGHS)
- Thank you so much.
Honestly, any time,
you're welcome back.
- Any time.
- All right. Okay. Okay.
- All right. Okay.
- Larry, cheers. Thanks, bye.
All right, so...
All right.
We did it. Here we were.
We showed up at the party.
We came out. Yep.
Yeah, interesting.
Very interesting.
Yeah. It was...
It was nice. Very good.
Now it's done.
It's all done. Yeah.
- All right. Okay.
- Okay.
- ♪ (LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
- (SIGHS)
(SQUEALS) What's up, y'all?
I'm in a nice hotel.
- (PECHUCA BARKS)
- Pechuca, no wait! Pechuca.
- Oh. Oh, my God. Hey!
Hey! (GASPS) Oh!
- (GROANS)
- (PECHUCA BARKS)
Wha... What the hell?
- You're standing in the way.
- LARRY: Oh, man!
Your dog slobbered all over me.
Don't scream around
Pechuca, please.
- She's sensitive.
- (LARRY GROANS)
Now, I got to go clean my pants.
Oh, well, good.
They were basic anyways.
- Fucking dog.
- ♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪
(GROANS SOFTLY)
♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
Oh, excuse me.
You know where the restaurant is
for breakfast?
- Breakfast? Absolutely.
- LARRY: Yeah.
It's gonna-- You know what?
Uh, it's probably easier
if I walk with you.
I can just escort you myself.
That's not necessary.
I can find it.
Just point me
in the right direction.
Oh, it's my pleasure.
It's not too far of a walk.
I'm happy to take you.
You don't have to do that.
I'll-- I'll find it.
Oh, it's no trouble at all.
I'll walk with you.
Okay.
All right. Right this way.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
What?
Are you serious?
She's the employee of the month?
She is.
She's been here six years.
This is her last month.
- Oh, no wonder.
- (PHONE RINGING)
- Hello!
- JEFF: Hey.
I got some bad news.
Michael Fouchay,
uh, doesn't want to pay you
the appearance fee.
What are you talking about? Why?
I don't know.
He's not returning my calls.
Not returning my emails.
- I don't know what to do.
- Wow. What a nerve.
Flew me all the way
out here, he's not paying me?
- That's bullshit!
- Yeah, it is bullshit.
I'm gonna go to his office.
I have his card.
I got the address.
I'm getting my money.
- You do that.
- All right. Goodbye.
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
LARRY:
Hey, good to see you again.
MICHAEL:
A hundred and fifty mil?
If he puts in 100 mil,
I'll match whatever Elon does.
I was gonna fly in his plane.
Now he says, I must take
my own plane. I don't mind.
I'll take the plane.
I just need to go...
Hang on a second. I need to--
I need to call you back.
Larry, can I help you?
I just found out
you're not paying me.
Is that true?
Yeah, that is true.
(GASPS) Are you kidding?
Larry, I'm not paying you
'cause you're in violation
of your contract.
Violation of the contract? What?
MICHAEL: You said
you were gonna be cordial.
You weren't cordial.
I wasn't c--
You're saying to me,
okay, that I wasn't cordial?
I most certainly was cordial.
Do you know
what cordial means?
I spoke to-- Yes, I know exactly
what it means.
It means to be polite,
to be friendly,
and not to tell people
what you really think of them
and what assholes they all were.
- Yes. That's cordial.
- You were not cordial.
I get it. I get it. (SCOFFS)
This is about your dear friend,
Brookie, right?
Is this Brookie?
'Cause I called her Brookie?
I called Brooke Brookie?
You know what?
Carl called her Brookie.
Carl hardly knows her.
He met her once.
I met her once.
What's Carl got
that I don't got?
- No--
- Don't disrespect a woman
and call her Brookie
if you don't know her that well.
It's just being polite.
But anyway...
- Okay, Carl didn't know her.
- I'll let it slide.
Larry, listen to me.
I don't wanna do this,
this American way
where we all just yell
at each other.
Do you wanna take a step back...
- I'm gonna take a step back.
- ...and do this the African way?
I think we got off
on the wrong foot.
I think there's a wound here
and we need to try and heal it.
- Let's do it.
- Have you heard of the TRC?
I don't know what that is.
- The Truth and Reconciliation
Commission in South Africa.
- Oh, I've heard of that. Yes.
That was how
we healed apartheid.
- I wanna do something
similar with you.
- Okay. All right.
Come in. Sit down.
- You know, I'll take a seat.
- Have a seat.
- I'll sit down.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, Larry. Welcome.
- All right. Okay.
- Okay.
I'm gonna be Desmond Tutu
and then I'm gonna
ask you questions.
- You're gonna be Tutu?
- MICHAEL: Yeah,
because Tutu was the guy
asking the questions.
But in this particular case,
I was a victim.
You shouldn't be Tutu.
I should be Tutu.
We can't both be Tutu.
- We can't have two Tutus.
- No, you can't have two Tutus.
I'll be a different name, okay?
My name's Frank.
No, no.
You wanna be Tutu, be Tutu.
Okay. (INHALES DEEPLY) So...
Larry,
thanks for coming in today.
Of course, Mr. Tutu.
Would you like to tell everyone
present here today
if you believe
that you truly honored
this contract
and deserve the payment?
I think I did to the best
of my ability.
I faked cordiality
and I feigned interest.
I'm gonna be honest,
I'm disappointed.
I was expecting more
from my childhood hero.
I've been expecting more
from myself my whole life
and it's just not there.
Do you accept that
it was a bad vibe, actually,
and kind of ruined my party
and my--
I've ruined every party
I've ever gone to
in my entire life.
- I have bad energy.
- I just expected
that you'd be more grateful.
I really did the best
under the circumstances
of a person
who hates people
and yet had to be amongst them.
MICHAEL: I feel like
you are being honest.
For someone to admit
that they don't like people
and they have a bad vibe
is not easy.
Yes. I don't like myself.
I'm a person.
You know what we learned
in the TRC, Larry?
Sometimes, the unlikeliest
of friendships can develop.
I feel like
there is a connection.
Uh, no. There's... There's not.
You know what I'm gonna do
for you, Larry?
I'm gonna step up here.
I'm gonna pay you the money.
Oh, my God. Seriously?
- Michael Fouchay.
- MICHAEL: Yes.
Michael Fouchay.
- There's a bit of warmth there.
- LARRY: Yeah, you see it?
Can I ask you-- While I have you
in this warm moment,
can I ask you something?
Would you mind signing this
for my little guy?
Oh. Not at all. Of course.
- Happy to.
- MICHAEL: Thank you.
Appreciate that. That's amazing
Thank you. Thanks.
- So this is to your son?
- MICHAEL: Wow. Yes.
Yeah, that little kid
that I was talking to.
- Yes, the little guy. Yeah.
- Yeah. Uh, uh, Kramen.
What?
- (MUMBLES INDISTINCTLY)
- Oh, my son.
- Yeah, your son.
- Yeah, make it to my son.
- (MUMBLES)
- Simon.
Simon! Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah.
♪ (LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Housekeeping!
(SIGHS) Asshole!
You leave me tip in toilet.
LIGAYA: Whoo!
(GRUNTS, LAUGHS)
Hey!
- Whoo!
- LARRY: What are you doing?
That's my stuff.
- You're a bad man.
- Are you out of your mind?
- (LAUGHS)
- Oh, my God. Stop it!
(LAUGHS)
Why are you doing this?
What did I do?
You throw my tip in toilet,
I toss your clothes.
LARRY:
What are you talking about?
What? I didn't-- I didn't
put money in the toilet.
- Whoo! (LAUGHS)
- LARRY: You sick maniac.
You're insane.
I go out with a bang. (LAUGHS)
Michael,
it was great to see you.
- We had a fantastic time.
- ♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
Whenever the check arrives,
it arrives.
Do me a favor.
Will you give my best to Simon?
I love that kid.
Yes, I'd love to get on a Zoom
- with the lad.
- (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
All right,
we'll work it out then.
Okay. Okay. All right.
(SIGHS)
So you're getting paid?
- I will get paid, yes.
- Me too.
LARRY: But man,
does this guy have a nerve
- threatening not to pay me?
- (DIAL TONE RINGING)
What? 'Cause I wasn't cordial?
And this Fouchay?
What a pain in the ass!
He's still making requests.
I got to get on a Zoom
with his son, Simon?
That kid's a potato.
His dad's gonna have
to donate a building
to get that kid into college.
You know what the worst thing
about this Fouchay is?
Trying to pass himself off
as African.
This guy's not African,
he's South African.
Hey, you're sitting on my phone.
Pechuca, come. Pechuca.
(KISSES) Come, come, come.
- Come. Pechuca.
- ♪ (PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Hello?
Goodbye, Larry.
Goodbye.
(BUSY TONE BEEPING)
- (WHIMPERS)
- ♪ (MUSIC ENDS) ♪
LARRY: Just keep going straight.
I think
it's right on this block.
I thought we were going
to the airport.
I just have to return
Auntie Rae's glasses.
She's at some
polling place voting.
There it is.
It's up on the right.
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
MARIA SOFIA:
Aw, those people must be so hot.
LARRY: Oh, there she is.
Stop the car.
- MARIA SOFIA: Auntie Rae.
- How are you doing? (LAUGHS)
MARIA SOFIA: How are you?
I'm good. But why are--
- Look at you.
- (LAUGHS) Hey.
RAE: What you doing here?
Well, we're on our way
to the airport,
but I thought we should stop by
and return these.
- Oh, you remembered. (LAUGHS)
- I remembered. Are you kidding?
It was on my mind every minute.
Well, I hope
it wasn't on your head.
I hope you didn't stretch these.
Well, I put them around
my butt yesterday,
so they might be
a little bigger.
(LAUGHS)
Oh, y'all.
It's hot out here, Larry.
Boy, this is brutal here.
- RAE: Yes.
- How long you been waiting?
Over two and a half hours.
- LARRY: What?
- Yes.
- LARRY: That is just insane.
- It's horrible.
Look what they put people
through just to vote.
I'm melting out here, Larry.
You know what?
I got some water in the car.
- Do you want it? Yeah.
- I would love it.
- (PECHUCA GROWLS)
- Quiet, chubby.
Here you go.
I knew this would come in handy.
Oh. Yes. Yes, indeed.
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.
- Thank you for this w--
- (POLICE SIREN WAILING)
- OFFICER: Sir!
- (CAR DOORS CLOSING)
OFFICER: In the navy blazer.
Put your hands in the air.
- Me?
- Yeah, you.
You under arrest for violation
of the Election Integrity Act.
What?
What are you talking about?
It is illegal for anyone
in the state of Georgia
to provide food or water
- to voters in line at the polls.
- What? That's barbaric.
What kind of law--
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious.
You're coming with me.
You can't do-- Oh, no,
you're making a big mistake.
I'm sorry, baby. I forgot.
I'm not even from here!
I just came to make
an appearance at a party.
And I didn't even get paid!
I was just being cordial.
I was being cordial.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
♪ ("CURB YOUR ENTHUSIASM"
THEME MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (THEME MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪